Azure: Load custom clouds from ini file (#87667)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

| US Government cloud                              | AzureUSGovernment      |
| Microsoft German national cloud ("Black Forest") | AzureGermanCloud       |

### clouds_config

> The json config used to define a list of Azure clouds, and their associated properties, when hosted in custom Azure environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JSON config defines a list of Azure clouds and their associated properties when hosted in custom Azure environments.
```

Reviewer 2: Updated @chri2547

Reviewer: 👍

| US Government cloud                              | AzureUSGovernment      |
| Microsoft German national cloud ("Black Forest") | AzureGermanCloud       |

### clouds_config

The json config used to define a list of Azure clouds, and their associated properties, when hosted in custom Azure environments.

For example: 

```ini
clouds_config = `[
		{
			"name":"CustomCloud1",
			"displayName":"Custom Cloud 1",
			"aadAuthority":"https://login.cloud1.contoso.com/",
			"properties":{
				"azureDataExplorerSuffix": ".kusto.windows.cloud1.contoso.com",
				"logAnalytics":            "https://api.loganalytics.cloud1.contoso.com",
				"portal":                  "https://portal.azure.cloud1.contoso.com",
				"prometheusResourceId":    "https://prometheus.monitor.azure.cloud1.contoso.com",
				"resourceManager":         "https://management.azure.cloud1.contoso.com"
			}
		},

> 		{

Reviewer 3: I'd also restrict this to a single example.

Author: Will be in my next push
